hey everybody welcome back northernlion
The Binding of - contra Plus last round
was good nothing wrong with it
beat mega Satan had an overall good time
good play I mean I'm saying good a lot
here but this is like the most average
run ever TW gq7 a VF good speed good
rate of fire good damage good luck good
HP this is like the most I don't want to
say average necessarily because that uh
dude daddy-longlegs is a great get from
this even payout here but anyway the the
main problem with this is that it's just
highly unremarkable at the present
moment and the shade our little hush
sorry two different items that are both
about the same level of uselessness oh
it's an excel floor through so it got to
be a little cautious although we did
just get our spirit hard so we we don't
really have big plays yet on this room
we don't have anything that really takes
us to the limit here but we should go
zero to sixty pretty quickly I'm due for
a good angel right it's not a good angel
run sorry a good devil run because we
just had that run where we tried to make
angel deals pop and largely it
disappointed me as you would expect
probably we could get the wafer we did
get blinding light or Holy Light guiding
light by television great song great
album greatest the cereal probably
frosted flakes couldn't see that one
coming okay stand over here please thank
you I'm just messing around with little
hoshi at this point well we did get it
fully charged okay so let's see first
boss is Larry Jay Larry Jay sorta gets
crapped on I think we should just use
little hush whenever possible and treat
that as if it's piercing shots or
something he just got dusted to the nth
degree
we're being like way too fiddly with
Anatomy we fought a million times before
and we're going to take damage as a
result again probably but let's go we're
done now we'll just pop this against him
wait what did he kill my enemies already
no that was a 12 room charge dude that's
not cool it's like I had Larry juniors
and now they're gone they're just
sitting up here at the top of the room
doing nothing
the Emperor's card is at least a good
get for us but I am I'm eager to if
possible pick up a big W here and by W I
mean wide brimstone laser that's what it
stands for in my world I'm ready for
massive DPS we never quite got that on
the last run pentagram is lovely thanks
for the nice damage boost sac dagger is
actually very very acceptable I quite
like this item and you know if you hate
watching me use orbitals to deal damage
you are going to just be in your own
personal hell for the next little bit
because we slightly above average damage
although I'm very thankful for it and
average rate of fire I just hit my hand
on the desk surprisingly painful but
with with our stands being as they are
I'm going to be using my orbital
probably to my own detriment but also
because if I don't you know I'm going to
lose my mind up in here up in here I'm
almost tempted to take thirty touch and
I mean that sincerely I really feel like
I don't know what to call the item
because there's already like a little
delirium well it's almost nicer to not
have a choice so I don't feel the need
to re-roll but on our present space bar
item kind of annoys me by being a really
large charge I feel like you could do
this with six rooms and it wouldn't be
that big of a deal like I mean I don't
want to burst your bubble but one spirit
heart or demon heart every six rooms is
way more valuable than having a boss
spawn now the boss spawning
cooler which is why I want to see it
more often but as you can see from our
monstro fight sometimes it's just going
to do nothing apparently
puberty still scares me when the dude is
like you know he flinches when you take
the pill we're lucky they don't have
contact damage but then you know puberty
is actually quite a good pill 1/3 of an
HP upgrade and it identifies a pill in
the rotation as a not bad pill which is
worth something so we're gonna go back
and try to get a reroll out of this
because I really feel if you get a
reroll machine you might only get one or
two per run on on item rooms you should
go for broke and not worth it I would
replace our existing space bar item with
a better space bar bloody lust is what
you think though that's no-brainer
okay plus we look like actually straight
out of an 80s aerobic commercial I don't
know about the bandana oh you are an
actual idiot I don't know about the
bandana over top of the you know I Dream
of Jeannie ponytail going on right there
but you know I'm not big into the
quaffed arts so I can't tell you whether
or not that's a sensible choice all I do
is you know I know what I know probably
a little overkill here but I what am I
taking damage oh that was that was creep
I can accept that I was in the wrong on
that one I don't like that we got all
these friendly explode E's here man it
scares me actually so I'm going to go
for the the easy way out I'm going to go
for the extra damage right off the bat
they actually worked out very nicely for
me we took the damage but we also went
into our curse room I was hoping to get
a spirit heart but you know getting some
bloody lust bonus out of that is fine by
itself
just be careful um you should have
relatively no concern about making it
out of this floor without taking damage
we have a 72% deal with the devil chance
so we shouldn't squander that's very
we shouldn't squander our our deal with
the devil chance because it's
unexpectedly valuable I always forget
that after after an Excel floor you get
disproportionately less of a devil deal
hangover
so the squander it would just be I mean
downright on grateful positively on
Canadian of me now don't tell Kelly
leach you now see these are jokes that
are relevant to like less than 1% of the
people watching these videos that's okay
not I ain't about the lifestyle is the
thing so we're not taking the dunce cap
I will take chocolate milk because
chocolate milk plus high damage tears
kind of allows us to like load explode
now I don't know what that means but I
keep hearing about it from Ultima Online
I don't play Ultima Online but there's
this video dan always like to show me
where an obnoxious shot-caller in that
game keeps going on to one load explode
on Gullu load explode on Edward
Hawthorne and as a result I'm now
familiar with the term load explode I
imagine it means like you know you're
getting a spell ready to just dump it on
someone so much of language is just
context space that wouldn't surprise me
that's the correct example here I could
be incorrect though a lot of MMO terms I
don't understand people use them as if
I'm going to tell you a secret everybody
that's on YouTube is played Wow
for like 12 years and I'm the odd one
out and they all go I hate wow and then
the new expansion comes out and they go
this expansion it saves Wow and then
like six weeks later nobody plays Wow
anymore okay so like I'm familiar with
the cycle don't think I don't see you
there they always use these terms
sure tank DPS hundred percent familiar
no problem then they say I'm peeling and
I go I don't know what that means you're
peeling we're playing we're playing a
PvP game apparently peeling is when you
take aggro I don't understand how you
peel in a MOBA but people keep telling
me to peel they're like you're the tank
peel I don't have peeling abilities I
have abilities that let me soak up
damage but I don't know how to force
these other human beings who know that
I'm trying to
so cup damage to attack means that have
attacking you the the squishy dude with
the you know he's got antlers of course
are going to attack antler man over you
know man that looks like he weighs 4.2
metric tons
it's like video game 101 you always
killed a antler man first it's probably
throwing out some dirty heels or
something like that I don't know that's
what I call a sack lunch none none that
nothing I'm okay so wedding crashers
2004 as opposed to the wedding crashers
2001 a Space Odyssey we had no money on
the last floor that almost never happens
a whole floor without money
you know what we do want that it's a
hundred percent deal with the devil
chance right now we got the HP to make
that knowledge get us into college so
the the game plan right now is is
actually very very simple we're just
going to live until this deal with the
devil which should be pretty easy and
then from that deal with the devil weed
that was really dumb but thank God we
had the spirit heart we'd expect maybe
not great things but at least a chance
at some great things I'm a little bummed
that we didn't have a blood bank on this
floor but that's that's why I originally
brought up how strange it is that we
have zero money from the last floor
usually you know every floor is good for
dropping a couple of pennies on the
ground but not this time and we used all
our previous money like re-rolling into
bloody lost which is a decision that I
don't regret but does have consequences
we have an ends of the present moment
really made uh bloody lost pop gave us a
little bit of help on the last floor but
didn't really uh you know I hasn't
gotten us a twenty damage yet obviously
I don't think you can get us over over
twelve anyway to begin with but right
now it maximum is double I think I
always forget there's a lot of items in
the game too to remember specific
knowledge about I mean that's kind of my
job but mostly my job is more
remembering that you know baby turn
advances you can see that sexy body go
pump pump pump is a song by b2k the
winners of the original making the band
from MTV and like the year maybe 2001 I
want to say 2001 on that one do I
remember any of the other lyrics I don't
know it's the one guy goes hey that's
all I want to see please just show it to
me there's a lot of songs in that era
about ladies butts I'm not saying like
I'm against it well red blood or North
American male would be right but at the
same time like the Beatles never wrote
an ass song I think I guess they
couldn't back things they're still like
like decency laws like people some
people didn't like the Beatles cuz they
thought their songs were too lewd I
wanna hold ya hey I mean we all knew
what he meant he's not just there for
the hand-holding I'll tell you that
straight up but you know it's a pretty
tame song careful careful careful
nicely done cool I guess they couldn't
have done a song in 1960 that was like
well I mean they could have but it would
have perhaps compromised their their
popularity to some extent if there's
just a song about like I don't even want
to go as lewd as I want to go with it
but I want to go I don't know we'll see
they certainly couldn't make anaconda so
it's all I'm trying to get this deal
with the devil is straight-up garbage we
should have gone to the curse room once
we finish the boss fight but you know
what there's worse things than having
another half spirit heart backing us up
even if we are going to get another one
here it's always nice to have a little
extra oh that's the moneymaker so we're
I do please let me get IV bag you are a
god I'm so happy because IV bag is going
to solve all of our damage related
problems we're basically Sampson so to
get IV bag is pretty much like a ten out
of ten
Sampson item I'm super stoked we now not
only will be able to have some extra
damage but like I don't want to get your
hopes up too high we might actually be
able to have some money as well and I
know that seems unfathomable I recognize
by the way that it's a new item like the
little delirium or whatever delirious is
a new item but it's just not it's just
not good enough to really pop I think so
you definitely I think we should get
bookworm and the question is when you
get bookworm with and the answer is it
really does not matter none of these can
help us get to the other ones without
spending a key and none of the other
ones are really good for us long term so
we're at the maximum damage bonus and we
got enough money to make our shop work
now we should just move along here
goodbye library it's been nice thanks
for the books they were out so nice
gotta work on the run time songwriting a
little bit more okay you might think
that like I'm mad because I'm bad on
this run right now it's not the case be
honest with you I am content believe it
or not to take terrible damage in some
situations here just to speed I treat it
as like a cost to doing business and I
want to I want to kill enemies most
efficient way to kill them quickly in a
lot of situations here is to use a sac
dagger which in weren't the case all the
time but sort of is so I'm going to run
into enemies and again if I get hit its
collateral damage as far as I'm
concerned
now if we start to run low on HP I will
rethink that strategy that point it
might be too late and if it is you get
to say you freaking at Otis over it as
of right now you know say my first rodeo
it is playing a little fast and loose
but everybody wants to see LeBron
stunned on the court I don't know what
that means but I'm sure it's probably
true but then you know when he misses
the hookshot everyone goes I wish he
just played the stronger fundamental
basketball we got our half Hart there
that's important because I want to go to
the curse room without spending luck
please it's all worth if we get a little
luck of course now that we have money
our shop is apparently worthless but I
digress I'm not trying to be mad I'm
actually again beyond thrilled that
we've actually managed to get a IV bag
on this floor which completely turns
around like the Tambor of this rum this
run for my opinion I'm just going to let
that go by the wayside we're going to
save temperance because temperance maybe
on the next floor could be worth even
more than it is right now if we can get
an arcade and we would like to get a
blood bag like the IV bag is mission
critical but to be able to get one or
two blood bags you know crank up our
speed a little bit
pump pump the jam pump it up while your
feet are stumping also completely cool
in my eyes good one also like to get out
thought to that extreme degree by one of
the best to ever play the game I don't
know I'll ask an enemy that's been
killed by cobalt streak that hurts
strawman argument even though cobalt is
a great player and it feels good to be
compared to him give me duality not
crushing it on deals with the devil so
far but dude thank you lump of coal
obviously a lovely item thank you for
that didn't get it last time so to get
it this time feels good we could use the
Hermit card to get out of boss rush but
I'm
more eager to try to cement this run as
like very doable and the way that's
easiest to do that is strange is via
this temperance card sign of stars
you see we get luck that's fine you're
this temperance card back there now
which is a bummer but we did save a key
and we probably never would have
backtracked was it worth getting the
luck upgrade fast honestly that's the
part that rubs me because it probably
was not really that big of a deal to get
the luck upgrade quickly but what I'm
what I'm trying to do here is hopefully
pick up some red hearts along the way
and then go perhaps for good gravy right
there thank you and then we're coming
back here and we're trying to get mad
money basically and also if I could get
I could get the blood bag it would feel
very nice of the present moment we can't
afford to get too intense with our
straps here so that's why we're coming
back doing some exploratory surgery here
I didn't want to have the chance to get
a bad trip instead because it locks down
and paralysis okay so we are living on
the edge like an Aerosmith song but you
guys okay always going to take an extra
chance to play the blood bank back here
I do believe that in the future we got
every chance of planet Earth to get a
blood bag out of that and I do believe
that to some extent a blood bag is kind
of transformative on this run
I think the runs already great it's
probably like a seven-point eight out of
ten if we wanted to hit that like eight
point two out of ten level the blood
bags an easy an abler for making that
dream come true
I know we got other keys back there I'm
tempted we got nothing to worry about
when it comes to boss rush we can either
choose to go to boss rush or we can stay
the F away forever do have a sulfuric
tears so can play it a little fast and
loose here if we so desire secret room
I still think it's the secret room I'm
starting to doubt that that might be the
secret room the stages of finding a room
that's not a secret room definitely the
secret room might not be a secret room I
can't believe it's not a secret dude
ever since we've had money non-stop I
just want to point out deals with the
devil had been garbage since I've gotten
the deals and shops have been garbage
ever since I've had money not super
bitter about it again IV bag does a lot
of great work for us I'm just surprised
that you know you treat your customers
like this game do you have any you know
how many hours I spend at this business
you have the audacity to give me
terrible shops and deals with the devil
don't you know who I am now that's even
more insulting that one might genuinely
be an insult here
give me some red hearts I'm not going to
take him for granted use those put those
good work on the next floor tears up is
lovely thank you very much even with
chocolate milk you know get to a
stronger charge faster or tap shoot with
with more style I think we're just going
to go fight mom I'm very concerned about
our HP situation no deal with the devil
Polaroid's a no-brainer here none of
it's good enough we're just being honest
none of it's good enough so I'm going to
and he used this once the game plan was
basically to put us in permanent
polaroid invincibility stayed right off
the bat but it's scary Oh Mike the cats
they've almost made it through the door
I do want to do damage with my tears I
understand we're like two hits away from
that I don't think we can be one hit
away from death I want the half Harvey
can't necessarily use it properly right
now punching bag is actually doing a
great job of diverting aggro which I
never give it any props for but in our
present situation is doing great work
for us basically just giving us longer
to hit more enemies to a clubs totally
fine I do I mean the strength card is
embarrassingly like kind of mission
critical as well certainly I wish it
were not got a 72% deal with the devil
chance nine lives is a win not quite
done dropping a couple red hearts is a
win I almost press the spacebar right
there would have been ill-advised okay
dude I mean what can I say I almost blew
myself up
right there pop strength I would have
rather not popped it here but I didn't
trust myself not to die pop on to see
that secret room access pacano algae's
that's the money maker okay so first
things first oh we got extra HP back
like permanently with the strength card
we've still got this deal with the devil
chance of they're kind of surprising to
me we found a way to get so close to
death without actually losing our deal
with the devil precedent but here we are
okay I don't blame the IV bag for this
by the way we've kind of we've been
starved of good stuff recently so
algae's as far as I'm concerned is that
easy is no-brainer in Earth's history
right now you just pop it take your
probable free deal with the devil
no you wouldn't I am again the reason
that this is so deleterious for me is
that it appears as if the games being
very nice so nice Angie's room we're
going to find a way to take damage
through that like I'm catching flack but
the game has slowly starved me tons of
money no shops HP no deals with the
devil and then on this floor we do have
a crack at a deal with the devil we got
to play pretty darn good so I can say it
myself to make that happen though secret
room to a diamonds probably not going to
fight hush full heart is very useful
another justice card with a full heart
so we're back like this is actually some
of the strongest drop we've gotten
recently I don't know if that
conjugation makes sense but
that that changed the game to some
extent right there and I don't want to
use IV bag anymore
we got 1.59 luck the thing is like I
don't really want to play this thing
because it's like boring but at the same
time this is like far and away the most
sensible option for us crystal ball is
good spirit arts are good a better
trinket is good cards are good like
there's there's many viable options here
we could get a lot of bombs but I don't
know if I want to use IV bagged entrance
you know what normally you would all I
mean that's tempting now but normally
you would probably save your wheel of
fortune to use it later I'm not going to
do this I'm going to use it now to like
maximize the speed at which we go
through all of our money and pick up
some great stuff algae's please a was
okay that's a good trinket okay so we
got blind rage what we want to do here
that was handled exactly the opposite of
how you normally like to do that we can
get two plays out of it I'm going to go
a little for broke here so we actually
want cracked crown long-term I don't
care about our bomb setup I also don't
care about eihwaz at all let's just use
that up here so we got crystal ball
crystal ball gives us a spear at hard
money money is not that relevant I think
we're almost ready to go here it's ok
Ruka I will I will appear momentarily
when this run is finished for better and
for worse ok I'm out I'm out I'm very
out now what we want card wise I guess
empress is pretty solid here so I'm
pretty sure the boss fight was like
three rooms down that was two rooms down
here
relative all that hurts walking right
into that thing that I wouldn't even
blame the game for that one that's on me
a hundred percent
speaking of which 100% deal with the
devil chance can we buck the trend of
garbage deals or can we actually let's
try that again
garbage deals can we get something I'm
stoked about we got a go angel deal and
you know what it's actually not that bad
you know give me the raw HP in this
situation and I'm a happy camper it's
like one of the few times the body has
actually been worth the pickup here like
just getting that arrived P is going to
be very useful for me and this is going
to be very fast
hello Rika would you like to enter the
room murukku takes the morning train he
mails from 9:00 to 5:00 and then he
sometimes meals longer than that until I
hit his forehead all that damage hurts I
keep trying to beat the system here like
after I get hit I pop IV bag and go
jealous but that's actually just double
damage I mean the red heart damage is
not that meaningful because we want or
we want to get the damage bonus so it's
like completely acceptable to you know
you got to you got to spend money to
make money you know please that was not
good play on my part I'll be the first
to admit we found our boss fight already
though so what's the game plan well
second secret room that goes in no okay
so what I'm actually going to do is like
exploit the fact that we have a blind
rage
to get as much damage safely out of IV
bag plus sac dagger as we can but I
really like I'm rushing not out of
impatience but out of fear at the at the
present moment first off there's nothing
else on these floors that's liable to
give us you know greatness to begin with
however beyond that like the obvious
situation that's very scary for me here
is we got to hurt ourselves to get HP
but we don't have that much HP Tagore's
I heard ourselves to get damaged I
should say but we don't have that much
damage to go around we don't have that
much HP to go around alright last I
video today I think brains starting to
melt in fast it is fine Dead Sea Scrolls
I don't know what it gave me seems like
it gave me a paralysis pill so we
probably oh no I give me a must have
been the cards wait what no just
Butterbean must've been deck of cards so
you get Loki's horns IV bag it's a
pretty bad hull I will suggest that
Jacob's Ladder is great and again the
more damage upgrades we can get I'm sure
that Jacob's Ladder becomes even better
I'm assuming Jacob's Ladder gets us you
know it scales with our damage but we
shouldn't be willy-nilly throwing HP
away the Empress has a decent potential
to be very good for us it has the
potential to become nearly essential for
us dude I am not messing with you
brownie the worst the actual worse might
rather have blue baby than brownie in a
room at this point but
regardless we've made it out a few rooms
down basically no drops yet and now dude
what was I thinking trinket wise we do
not have blind rage we have brown cap I
got a blasting cap I can't even remember
what this is that's not what we want in
case that's not abundantly clear child's
heart would have been way better but
like blind rage is what we thought we
had just wasn't paying attention
experimental treatment was good we're
never going to use that seventh HP
container so the fact that we got
something
that gave us a stat bonus for every
other category at the cost of HP is
actually a no-lose situation right now
we should take the pill there's no doubt
about that I'll be done in like two
minutes yeah we could probably swing it
okay okay okay
keep self awake here now not on earth
that's that's that edit that had added
us I'm not throwing for sushi I promise
you this this is genuine badness also
this room was kind of a nightmare to
begin with but no no we get we got the
dream we got the dream that's one HP
protection right there hopefully just
stay back
wow it was one HP protection what do you
do what do you do not beams thank you
okay
squandered this with some poor play no
doubt thank you one more full red heart
now are we getting carried that depends
are you so brainwashes to think having
three point six luck in getting a red
hard drop occasionally means you're
getting carried well then I guess the
game has truly won because they've
already got you on their side think back
to all the times we got not screwed
overtly but like starved by the RNG of
the game stopped by the RNG I was
stopped by the RNG I was stunned by the
RNG dude that's the win right there
basically I knew if we killed him last
it was almost impossible for us not to
steal a win so we are going to take W
here I don't think we played
particularly well but I think we played
a dynamic game and I do think if you go
back you watch the tape you can
highlight a lot of situations in which
we probably should've bawled and the
game screwed us a little bit or at least
again starved us and instead here we are
coming out with a dub probably I say
probably because now I'm going to go
fight mega satan as penance for being
bad in the first place so I mean we
don't we don't need IV bag for this
fight we don't need anything for this
fight from the space bar collection but
might as well take Butterbean because it
can be used multiple times should pop
empress for sure now we got 20 damage
good good good
okay word basically said this run ended
up being actually quite fun it was fast
and it might not seem like it cuz we
were you know in heck for a while there
we were totally eighty double hockey
sticks but reaction to actually we're
actually relatively well off on this run
by the end but it did take some clutch
HP we think we had to get a little bit
lucky to swing it but you know what you
either get lucky
you know what the drops the game gives
you or you get lucky with like the items
the game gives you so we just got lucky
and drops this time instead of getting
carried by items I'm not going to
apologize for it despite the fact that
we've taken a couple hits here we're
still pretty much 100% unkillable I
think
this guy's going to go down like a
second you're dusted and then the final
phase should be real easy to take care
of all we got to do is not get it it
ain't about how hard you can hit it's
about how hard you can get hit and keep
coming where's my little house yet I
need you to block some of these shots
okay I was saved by the RNG I was mana
RNG I was sitting by the RNG all we've
done it wasn't even close skip farted on
son mega satan died we take another W
easy mol K didn't even see it until it
was too late
I'm absolved thanks for watching I hope
you enjoyed the episode if you did click
the like button upset a great deal of
course subscribe you are see more in the
future and I will see you next time
thanks for watching